

https://github.com/ExploseIT/NetTest

You will see that this NetTest is a Petty Cash Windows Forms .Net application.

Here we will discover your ability to update an existing .Net/Sql Server application.

Screenshots of the application as it stands can be found in the NetTest_psd folder.

IMPORTANT - Please include the following steps with your solution and with each step please complete each a) and b) section.

1 - Demonstrate your ability to get this application working from this Github repository which was built with Visual Studio Community 2019 and Sql Server 2017 Express LocalDb.
     If you can get it working with another Sql Server environment then that's fine too.
      a) I achieved this by forking the repository in github then cloning to my machine.
      b) The difficulties I had to overcome were that I did not have sql localdb or any other sql server installed locally. I set up an Azure SQL db and connected to that.
      This was actually completed AFTER setting up the DB in Step 2
      NB: The connection string password is purposefully NOT comitted to source control.

2 - It is required that the database for this application is pre-populated by running the accInitialise.sql script in the NetTest_scripts folder. 
      a) I achieved this by connecting to the db server using visual studio and running the script.
      b) The difficulties I had to overcome were the folder is actually named NetTest_sql and is not included in the project/solution.
        The script attempts to create the database directly which is not supported in azure sql.

3 - If you have the app running, using the credentials in the accInitialise.sql script, you should be able to log into the app. 
      a) I achieved this by loggin in using the 'jgreen' account.
      b) The difficulties I had to overcome were:
        ctrl-backspace, which normally deletes the entire contents of a text box, instead inserts an unknown character (presumably a literal DEL)
        pressing enter after entering password does not log in

4 - On the transactions screen, what would you do to show a) Who made each transaction?, and b) What is the type of each transaction?
      a) I achieved this by altering the stored procedure [spCashReadList]
      b) The difficulties I had to overcome were that the username is displayed. Should that be a firstname/lastname?

5 - At the moment anyone who can log into the app can add cash. What would you do to make it so only managers and directors can add cash?
      a) I achieved this by ...
      b) The difficulties I had to overcome were ...

6 - Can you show how you would add a user profile screen which is invoked from the Logged in user button?
    This screen would show first name, last name, user name, and a list of roles the user has (Employee, Admin, Director, Manager), and a list of the date/times they have logged in.
      a) I achieved this by ...
      b) The difficulties I had to overcome were ...

    

